ENH: Adds ability to store tooltips as title attribute through pandas styler (#56981)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

Styler
^^^^^^

> - Enh in :meth:`Styler.set_tooltips` provides alternative method to storing tooltips by using title attribute of td elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:`Styler.set_tooltips` provides alternative method to storing tooltips by using title attribute of td elements. (:issue:`56981`)
```

Also can you put this under `Other Enhancements`?

Author: Done
